rule declarations inside media querries format (#6)
BeenVerifiedInc/CSS-Styleguide: README.md

  - Underscores are okay if you are using BEM (see [OOCSS and BEM](#oocss-and-bem) below).
* Do not use ID selectors.
* When using multiple selectors in a rule declaration, give each selector its own line.
* In properties, put a space after, but not before, the `:` character.
* Put closing braces `}` of rule declarations on a new line.

> * Put blank lines between rule declarations outside of Media Querries.
> * Don't put blank lines between rule declarations inside of Media Querries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Put blank lines between rule declarations outside of Media Queries.
* Don't put blank lines between rule declarations inside of Media Queries.
  - The reason for this is that it provides a visual cue that the CSS you are viewing is inside of a media query.
```

.per-line {
  // ...
}

@media (max-width: 767px) {
  .avatar {
    // ...
  }

>   #lol-no {

Reviewer 2: I think this one should not say `#lol-no` because we are in the Good practice area

Author: right
